from 68 to the chief please
a farm of David a song let God arise let
his enemies be scattered let those also
who hate him flee before him a smoke is
driven away so drive them away as wax
melts before the fire so let the wicked
perish at the presence of God but let
the righteous be glad let them rejoice
before God yes let them rejoice
exceedingly sing to God sing praises to
his name extol him who rides on the
clouds by his name yah
and rejoice before him a father of the
fatherless a defender of widows is God
in his holy habitation God sets the
solitary in families he brings out those
who are bound into prosperity but the
rebellious dwell in a dry land Oh God
when you went out before your people
when you marched through the wilderness
the earth shook the heavens also dropped
rain at the presence of God Sinai itself
was moved at the presence of God the God
of Israel you O God sent a plentiful
rain whereby you confirmed your
inheritance when it was weary your
congregation dwelt in it you O God
provided from your goodness for the poor
the Lord gave the word great was the
company of those who proclaimed it kings
of armies flee they flee and she who
remains at home divides the spoil though
you lie down among the sheet folds you
will be like the wings of a dove covered
with silver and her feathers with yellow
gold
when the almighty scattered Kings in it
it was white as snow in Zalman a
mountain of God is the mountain of
Batian a mountain of many peaks is the
mountain of Batian why do you fume with
envy you mountains of many Peaks this is
the mountain which God desires to dwell
in yes the Lord will dwell in it forever
the chariots of God are twenty thousand
even thousands of thousands the Lord is
among them as in Sinai in the holy place
you have ascended on high you have led
captivity captive you have received
gifts among men even from the rebellious
that the Lord God might dwell there
blessed be the Lord who daily loads us
with benefits the god of our salvation
our God is the god of salvation and to
God the Lord belong escapes from death
but God will wound the head of his
enemies the hairy scalp of the one who
still goes on in his trespasses the Lord
said I will bring back from Batian I
will bring them back from the depths of
the sea that your foot may crush them in
blood and the tongues of your dogs may
have their portion from your enemies
they have seen your procession Oh God
the procession of my God my king into
the sanctuary the singers went before
the players on instruments followed
after among them were the maidens
playing timbrels bless God in the
congregation's the lord from the
fountain of Israel there is little
Benjamin their leader the princess of
Judah and their company the princes of
Zebulun and the princes of NAFTA lie
your God has commanded your strength
strengthen
what you have done for us because of
your temple at Jerusalem Kings will
bring presents to you rebuke the beasts
of the reeds the herd of bulls with the
calves of the peoples till everyone
submits himself with pieces of silver
scatter the peoples who delight in war
envoys will come out of Egypt Ethiopia
will quickly stretch out her hands to
God sing to God new kingdoms of the
earth Oh sing praises to the Lord to him
who rides on the heaven of heavens which
were of old indeed he sends out his
voice a mighty voice ascribe strength to
God his excellence is over Israel and
his strength is in the clouds Oh God
you are more awesome than your holy
places the God of Israel is he who gives
strength and power to his people blessed
be God
you